we were in the territory where brown
lemurs live they are becoming
increasingly rare and the Madagascan
government has passed laws making it
illegal for them to be caught but in the
middle of the forest we came across this
trap the poachers had made the clearing
and stretched these poles across it they
knew that the lemurs hate coming down to
the ground and will certainly prefer to
cross the clearing by running along the
poles when they do they will enter this
noose and they are hang until they are
slaughtered and eaten there they were
they were the size of small cats with
dark brown faces and lighter brown fur
and they showed their anxiety with their
strange gruff cries though they have
hands and feet like those of a monkey
the way they ran through the trees
reminded me not of a monkey at all but
of some quite different creature like
perhaps a Marty their tails are not
prehensile but they seem to use them as
a help in keeping their balance and they
also wank them when they were annoyed or
excited
and here is a female with a young baby
clinging to her back and having a pretty
rough ride Brown Nima's nearly always
produce only a single baby
very rarely twins and never three or
more and you can quite see why it just
wouldn't be rude there was a whole
troupe of them crossing through the
trees above our heads we followed them
and soon discovered where they were
going to a mango tree for their
afternoon feed but in that position I
didn't see how the baby would get
anything to eat at all
although most of them were feasting on
the yellow juicy mangoes some were
eating other things as well
this one was stripping bark from a young
branch and this one had found the nest
of wild bees and was stealing the honey
you